* Help screen needed on initial login page
   - where do I find the login?
      The login comes up on any page load where you aren't logged in.
      Therefore, if you are on a page and want to see the login, just click
      on the Logout button.
   - what do I do first?
      Create domain, probably.  Having the top page include some
      suggestions for what they might want to do would be good, but I don't
      know when I'll be able to get to it.
   - what do I do next?
      Suggestions?

* Public bugzilla
   At the moment, I'd like to just use the mailing list, but maybe at some
   point I'll set up a virtual and we can put Trac or something on it.

* There is a specific set of steps you need to do  when first setting up
vpostmaster
   - set system defaults
   - create domain
   - review/set domain default prefs
   - create mail user within domain
   - review/set per user prefs (optional)
   - verify mail works
      - send test message
      - retrieve test message via webmail
      - retrieve test message via pop3
      - retrieve test message via imap
   Q. Are there any default users added? (postmaster?) or should they be
   created in the initial setup?
   - create superuser (admin)
   - create domain admin user
   - set up forwarding of postmaster@domain to regularly read account
   - Optional configuration
      - disable pop3
      - disable imap
      - disable webmail 
   - How to look at the logs if there is a problem
      - pointer to what to look for
   
   TODO:
      Review system defaults 
         postcondition
            opened system defaults page
            no changes are necesary
      Set up domain  
         postcondition
            opened domain setup page
            created domain
            have domain entry in database
      Set up user @ domain
         precondition
            domain created
         postcondition
            opened user create page
            created user@domain
            have user@domain entry in database
      Test email
         precondition
            user@domain created
         postcondition
            Successfully sent and received email for user@domain
     

* Set up for testing
   - domain already at another site
   - test this user@domain
      - input email address  (no default)
      - input password
      - report failures
      - attempt to pick up mail with the email/pw combo

* Release notes page needs more work


System Defaults
   SMTP Phase
      system_defaults_clamav
      ClamAV
         ClamAV Anti-virus engine. Scans the body of email messages
         for viruses. This option identifies the action which is
         taken on messages which match virus signatures. "Drop" is the
         default. ...more

         system_defaults_clamav_action_Disabled
         Disabled
            Email is not scanned for viruses.
            You may want to choose this option if you are certain that your
            email users computers are not vunerable to email delivered
            viruses because they have their own virus scanners, or if you have
            a high volume of email deliveries and your email server can't
            keep up with the load.

         system_defaults_clamav_action_Drop
         Drop
            Recommended. Default.
            An email message which is identified as containing a virus is
            discarded without notifying the sender or the recipient.  This
            is the recommended ClamAV setting because most viruses are sent
            with forged or invalid From addresses.

            The message receipt has been logged in the system mail
            logs. If you believe a message is getting improperly dropped,
            the mail system administrator can see if it was dropped via
            ClamAV in the system mail logs. The mail log should also
            contain how ClamAV classified the email (as clean or as
            virus containing and the identified virus).

         system_defaults_clamav_action_Quarantine
         Quarantine
            An email message which is identified as containing a virus is
            placed in the user's Quarantine folder (IMAP and Webmail). In the
            case of POP3, the folder is created, but the user would have to
            use IMAP or Webmail to access the folder.

            Quarantine folders require regular maintenance to clean them
            out. This has to be set up manually, vPostmaster doesn't
            currently include any automatic maintenance of Quarantine
            folders.

            This setting is not a recommended setting for two reasons:
            the maintenance requirement and the increased risk of a
            virus getting through to a vunerable computer.

            The message receipt has been logged in the system mail
            logs. If you believe a message is getting improperly
            quarantined, the mail system administrator can see if it was
            delivered to be scanned by ClamAV in the system mail logs. The
            mail log should also contain how ClamAV classified the email
            (the identified virus signature).

         system_defaults_clamav_action_Reject
         Reject (see note)
            Not recommended.

            An email message which is identified as containing a virus is
            returned to the sender in the envelope From address.

            ClamAV needs to scan the message body in order to identify
            viruses.  If the email message contains a virus, and Reject is
            set, a rejection mail message will be sent back to the address
            in the envelope From header.  This means your server has to
            accept the mail, and resend it to the envelope From sender. If
            the envelope From sender is a forged or invalid address,
            the rejection message will either reach an innocent
            third party, or it will bounce back to your server (double
            bounce). Because of the increased overhead of double bounces
            and the risk of propogating viruses to innocent recipients,
            this is not a recommended sending.

            The message receipt has been logged in the system mail
            logs. If you believe a message is getting improperly rejected,
            the mail server administrator can see if it was delivered
            to be scanned by ClamAV in the system mail logs. The mail
            log should also contain how ClamAV classified the email
            (the identified virus signature).

      system_defaults_SPF
      SPF
         Action taken on an SPF match. Sender Policy Framework (SPF) is an
         authentication mechanism for email servers.  Sender Policy
         Framework (SPF) makes it easier to identify spoofed email
         (email with forged From addresses).

         system_defaults_spf_action_Disabled
            Disabled
               SPF checking is not performed on incoming mail. 

               SPF is a very inexpensive test to perform on incoming mail
               because it doesn't take much server or network resources to do.
               We recommend that you enable SPF unless you have a specific
               reason not to enable it.  If SPF is blocking particular
               messages which you wish to receive, it's best to whitelist
               the sender which is having problems via the Rules settings.

               vPostmaster mail servers do <b>not</b> automate the
               configuration of your outgoing mail to use SPF.
               To configure SPF for your outgoing e-mail, please go to <a
               href="http://spf.pobox.com/">The SPF Homepage
               (http://spf.pobox.com)</a> and use their wizard to create
               the SPF record for your domain.  You will then need to set
               it up in your DNS server.

         system_defaults_spf_action_Quarantine
            Quarantine

               SPF Quarantine means that when SPF checking detects a forged
               email address, the message is accepted by the local
               server and delivered to the users Quarantine email folder.

@@@  These three paragraphs should probably be abstracted out. and have a
short text that links to more information.  Like "Quarantine folders are
only available via IMAP and webmail (More information)".

               An email message which doesn't pass SPF authentication
               is placed in the user's Quarantine folder (IMAP and
               Webmail). In the case of POP3, the folder is created, but
               the user would have to use IMAP or Webmail to access the
               folder.

               Quarantine folders require regular maintenance to clean
               them out. This has to be set up manually, vPostmaster
               doesn't include any automatic maintenance of Quarantine
               folders.  This is not a recommended setting for two
               reasons: the maintenance requirement and the increased
               risk of unwanted getting through.

               The message receipt has been logged in the system mail logs. If
               you believe a message is getting improperly quarantined, you can
               see if it was delivered to be authenticated by SPF in the system
               mail logs. The mail log should also contain how SPF
               classified the email (rejected, passed, or not able
               to check).

         system_defaults_spf_action_Reject
            Reject
               Recommended. Default.

               vPostmaster mail servers are NOT set up to make SPF
               information available to the receiving email server when
               delivering outgoing email. Please go to spf.pobox.com
               and use the wizard there to set up SPF for your domain.

               This setting only applies to handling incoming email.

               SPF Reject means that when SPF checking detects a forged
               email address, the message is not accepted by the local
               server and the remote server must handle the bounce.

               SPF checking results in three possible outcomes.

               Not enough information: One is that the incoming mail
               server domain doesn't publish an SPF record. SPF check
               is skipped. In this case, there isn't enough information
               to deny delivery, so the email is passed onto the next
               stage of SMTP authorization for handling.

               Forged email address detected: Another is that the incoming
               mail server domain publishes SPF, but the the incoming
               mail server is not listed in the SPF record. In this
               case, when Reject is selected, the remote email server
               is notified that the email has been rejected due to SPF
               failure. The email is not processed further after this.

               SPF check passes: And the last case is that the incoming
               mail server domain publishes SPF and the incoming mail
               server is on that list.  This means that mail passes this
               stage and can be processed by the next SMTP phase.

      system_defaults_greylist
      greylist_action
         Action taken on a greylist match. Greylisting is distinct from
         whitelisting (always allowing email that matches a pattern) or
         blacklisting (always banning email that matches a pattern).

         Greylisting slows down delivery of mail the first time an email sender
         attempts to deliver to an email address by returning a soft bounce
         (please try again later) to the sending email server. 

         Most legitimate email senders will respect the soft bounce and
         retry later. Spam email senders most often do not resend. And, in
         the case where they do retry, the time delay has allowed enough
         time for the spam signature to be added to an RBL (realtime
         blacklist) or to the Spamassassin database, thus preventing
         delivery.
         
         Some hosts, such as Gmail and Yahoo, send from many different
         email servers, and will retry from a different host. This means
         that greylisting will slow delivery from these hosts repeatedly,
         and have the practical effect of blocking email from being delivered.
         ???Do you need to whitelist these senders?
         ???Does vPostmaster ship with appropriately configured whitelists?
         
         Greylisting will have no effect on email from your regular
         correspondants. It will have the effect of blocking email from up
         to 80% of spammers prior to Spamassassin filtering. This can
         significantly reduce the load on your mail server, and can make
         the difference between being able to keep up with your email load,
         and not being able to get email at all.
         
         'Disabled' disables greylisting,
         'Quarantine' causes initial greylisted messages to be delivered to
         your quarantine folder. 'Learn' will seed the greylist database
         without rejecting messages. 'Enabled' fully enablesgreylisting.

         system_defaults_greylist_action_Disabled
            Greylisting is disabled.

         system_defaults_greylist_action_Quarantine
            Email that is greylisted is delivered immediately into your
            Quarantine email folder ???without being run through
            spamassassin???.

            An email message which is greylisted is placed in the user's
            Quarantine folder (IMAP and Webmail). In the case of POP3,
            the folder is created, but the user would have to use IMAP
            or Webmail to access the folder.

               
            Quarantine folders require regular maintenance to clean them
            out. This has to be set up manually, vPostmaster doesn't
            include any automatic maintenance of Quarantine folders.
            This is not a recommended setting for two reasons: the
            maintenance requirement and the increased risk of unwanted
            getting through.

            The message receipt has been logged in the system mail logs. If
            you believe a message is getting improperly quarantined, you can
            see if it was greylisted in the system mail logs. 

         system_defaults_greylist_action_Learn
            This is the recommended setting for a new email system for the
            first several days. This setting builds up the greylisting
            database of sender and receiver pairs, to learn your regular
            correspondance patterns, without delaying any mail. Once the
            greylisting database has been primed, you can enable
            greylisting to slow down delivery from new correspondants.

         system_defaults_greylist_action_Enabled
            Greylisting is fully enabled. Recommended.

            Greylisting delays the delivery of mail from new senders in
            order to block spam. 

            Each incoming message is looked up in the greylisting database
            by the sender email address, the recipient email address and
            the sending email server. If there is no record matching those
            3 items, an entry is created, and a soft bounce (please try
            again later) is sent back to the sending email server. If there
            is a record matching those fields, the time is checked.
            If the timeout has not been reached another soft bounce is
            sent (please try to send the email again later).  If the
            time has been longer than the greylist timeout since the
            initial delivery attempt, the email is passed through for
            futher processing.


      greylist_timeout
         Default is 60 minutes.
         Recommend between 1 minute and 60 minutes. Should never be more
         than 120 minutes. Messages from new senders are temporarily
         delayed for at least this many minutes. Messages from regular
         correspondants are not delayed. This is the earliest time that
         mail from a new sender can be received. Mail delivery may take
         longer than this time, depending on how frequently remote mail
         senders attempt delivery. 

         This timeout is only used if greylisting is enabled or set to
         quarantine. If greylisting is disabled, or learning this timeout
         has no effect.

      system_defaults_spamassassin
      spamassassin_action
         Action taken on a Spamassassin match. 
         Spamasssassin is rulebased email filtering software. Spamassassin
         scores each incoming email on many different rules. Each rule has
         a point value. Emails which match many rules receive high scores
         and are more likely to be unwanted email. Emails which match few
         rules or rules with low point values are less likely to be
         unwanted email. 

         You can set up 3 ranges of Spamassassin scores, and have different
         actions for each range. Very low scoring email is most likely to
         be legitimate, and so should be delivered. Intermediate scoring
         email may be legitimate or it may be bad; you may want to
         quarantine this email. High scoring email is likely to be
         unwanted, you most likely will discard this email as spam.

         Recommended threshold settings for each level are:
            Rule 1: Quarantine > 5 
            Rule 2: Drop > 15 
            Rule 3 not used
         In this setup, email which scores less than 5 will be delivered,
         email which scores between 5 and 15 will be quarantined and email
         which scores over 15 will be dropped.

         system_defaults_spamassassin_action_Disabled
            No Spamassassin filtering.
            Email messages which score above the threshold for this rule
            level (and less for the threshold for the next rule level, if
            any) will be Quarantined.
            ???What is the effect of having rules like:
               Level 1: Disabled > 5
               Level 2: Quarantine > 15
               Level 3: Drop > 25
            ???That is, is there a check for having a disabled rule too
            early in the ordering?
            ???Is there a check for having nonsense action ordering?
   
         system_defaults_spamassassin_action_Quarantine
            Email messages which score above the threshold for this rule
            level (and less for the threshold for the next rule level, if
            any) will be Quarantined.
            
         system_defaults_spamassassin_action_Drop
            Email messages which score above the threshold for this rule
            level (and less for the threshold for the next rule level, if
            any) will be Dropped. No notice is sent back to the sender. 

            This setting should be used at higher score settings, as they
            are most likely spam. Dropping spam email prevents innocent
            email boxes from being flooded with rejected spam. 

         system_defaults_spamassassin_action_Reject

            Email messages which score above the threshold for this rule
            level (and less for the threshold for the next rule level, if
            any) will be Rejected. The sender is notified that their email
            was not delivered. 
            
            This setting should be used at lower score settings, as they
            are more likely to be legitimate email. At higher scores, this
            setting will cause email to be bounced to innocent third
            parties, as email addresses are often forged by spammers.

         system_defaults_spamassassin_action_Threshold
            A threshold is the level above which the associated level action
            will apply. If the next highest numbered rule is enabled, this
            threshold will apply up to that score.

            Reasonable threshold levels are:
               Rule 1: 5
               Rule 2: 15
               Rule 3: disabled, no threshold set
            
            Each of the threshold levels must be higher than the prior
            level. ???Do you check for this? I just ran a test, and it is
            possible to create nonsensical spamassassin thresholds.

Table of the order in which rules are applied
   SMTP
      Envelope rules
         Have to be set at the email user level
      SPF
      Greylisting
   Email body Acceptance
      ClamAV
      SpamAssassin

"Reset to Defaults" button.  For someone who gets confused and wants to
start over.
   
      
