vPostMaster Installation Instructions
(c) 2005, 2006 tummy.com, ltd.
http://www.tummy.com/
http://www.vpostmaster.com/
info@tummy.com

SUPPORTED DISTRIBUTIONS

   The following distributions are supported directly by vPostMaster.
   Others may work, but they may require manual installation (see below) as
   opposed to packaged installation via the "install-vpostmaster" script.

      Fedora Core 4 (Preferred)
      Fedora Core 3 (Preferred)
      Fedora Core 2
      CentOS 4.* (Preferred)
      Red Hat Advance/Enterprise (RHAS/RHES) Linux 4.* (Preferred)
      Debian Stable
      Ubuntu 6.06 Dapper Drake
      Ubuntu 5.10 Breezy Badger
      Ubuntu 5.04 Hoary Hedgehog

INTRODUCTION

   vPostMaster is a full featured email server with an easy to use web
   interface for administering domains, email users and filtering rules.

   There are two version of vPostMaster: Community and Pro.  The Community
   version is free for all use, under the terms of the GNU Public License.
   The Pro version adds functionality such as mailing list support and
   autoresponders/vacation mail, for a reasonable price.

   Normally, you would use the "install-vpostmaster" script to install
   vPostMaster.  This script automatically goes through and installs all
   required packages for vPostMaster, using system package formats (RPM,
   dpkg, as appropriate).  Details of what is being done can be obtained by
   looking at the "install-vpostmaster" script source.

   If your OS is not one of the supported distributions listed above, you
   can do a generic manual installation using detailed instructions below.

   The Generic Installation instructions assume you have or can:
      a recent Linux system installed with SELinux disabled
      login as root
      install packages using rpm or apt-get
      edit a text file
      run a script as root
      use a web browser
      start and stop services
      load and configure a Postgres database

PACKAGES

   vPostMaster is the consolidation of many different open source and
   freely available tools and programs, into a well-integrated environment.
   It relies on many different programs, however modern Linux packaging
   techniques can make the end result very easy to install.  Combined with
   automated setup scripts, vPostMaster can be incredibly easy to install.

   Instructions are included below for installation over the network using
   package repositories, as well as manual installation instructions for
   systems which we have not created packages for.  Check the vPostMaster
   web site (http://www.tummy.com/Products/vpostmaster/) for the latest
   information on distributions we provide prepackaged releases for.

   We will try to support the more common systems with pre-built packages.
   However, there are only so many test systems we can have available.
   Therefore, paying customers have an advantage here.  If you are ready to
   purchase and would like support for your favorite distribution, please
   contact us via the above web site for more information.

BEFORE YOU BEGIN

   It is highly recommended that you not install vPostMaster, or any
   mail-related software, on a production system.  Conflicts between
   existing and new mail software may result in lost or corrupted data or
   system settings and more.  Please also ensure that you have a backup of
   any important data on the system before you being.

PACKAGED INSTALL: Automatic Installation with install-vpostmaster

   These instructions assume that you are using a supported distribution,
   listed above, and that you have recent backups of any important data on
   your system.  These instructions and the install script are tested
   against a stock installation, and may fail if customizations have been
   done.

   The automatic installation uses system package formats, so all software
   is installed via RPM or dpkg formats.  See the source of
   "install-vpostmaster" for more details on what the script is doing.

   Installation:

      Download the "install-vpostmaster" script.  It is located at
      ftp://ftp.tummy.com/pub/tummy/vpostmaster/install-vpostmaster
      For example, the following commands will download the script using
      wget:

         cd /tmp
         wget ftp://ftp.tummy.com/pub/tummy/vpostmaster/install-vpostmaster
         chmod 755 install-vpostmaster

      The last command makes the script executable.

   Run Install Script:

      The installation of all packages and post-install setup has been
      incorporated into the "install-vpostmaster" script.  It will display
      a message and ask for confirmation, and give you an opportunity to
      provide the Pro version username/password.  It will then complete the
      installation for you.

      Run:

         ./install-vpostmaster

   Use Browser to Configure:

      The system is now installed and running.  The password for the
      "superuser" account is written to the file:

         /usr/lib/vpostmaster/etc/superuser

      You can then use a web browser to access the management interface at:

         http://HOSTNAME/vpostmaster/

      Additionally, Web Mail is at:

         http://HOSTNAME/webmail/

      After you have logged in with "superuser" and the password in the
      file above, see the "Getting Started" link on the left for more
      information.

GENERIC INSTALL (Other/Generic/Manual Install Instructions)

   Manually installing on a system for which the Debian or Fedora packages
   will not work is not documented in human-readable form.  For users who
   wish to install on other platforms, read and understand either the spec
   file and scripts/setup-fc3, or the debian control files and
   scripts/setup-debian.  These files are what control the installation in
   the packaged versions of the software, and are the only definitive
   collection of the required steps for installing vPostMaster.

SUPPORT

   If you run into trouble with vPostMaster, support is available from
   tummy.com's experienced system administrators.

   Commercial Licenses include support.

   Paid support is available for free, non-commercial installations.

FINAL THOUGHTS

   There are support forums available for vPostMaster users.

   If you have questions with either the non-commercial or commercial
   version please contact us through our secure web form at

      https://secure.tummy.com/Company/contactus.html/

   or by email to info@tummy.com
